# 01.00.0000

## Intro

Umm... I have never really written a diary before, but I felt like I kind of had to write anything to get some of my thoughts organized. Nowadays, I am in a confusing situation currently because I am about to quit the school that I have been attending for over a year and a half. I will officially quit my school on December 20th, 2024 and will return back to Korea, and I guess I will stay there for the next five years. I will be talking about why and that kind of thing later.

Anyway, in this text, I will focus on why I even decided to write a diary and, its purpose and how it is going.

## Why did I even decide to start writing diaries?

The biggest reason for this diary is because my brain is always full of ideas and just random thoughts, and the real problem about this is that because it is too much, even I cannot remember what I thought, you know. So, this is kind of the database for only my thoughts so that I can look back and discuss with past version of me. More detailly, it is not that I totally just forget about everything I thought of, but it is more like that I do remember but I forget why I came up with those ideas and how I detailed down into deeper stages, which is too much for my brain apperanetly. The interesting thing is that those ideas disappear and appear suddenly out of nowhere while thinking of completely other stuff and help the current idea get better and improved a lot. So, I thought it would be a good idea to kind of save my thoughts in the form of blogs and use them later on so that I can focus on my current thought only.

The other reason is that I want to share my thoughts with others. I mean even if a person has a lot of brilliant ideas, those would be useless if he does not even share with anybody or put them into the actions, right? And I think multiple brains would be way better than just one brain. And the biggest brain that I would share these with would be AIs actually. I use ChatGPT almost 30 times a day and what I found out interesting is that I can give it specific piece of data to teach it the context. I think it is really brilliant idea becuase now it does have the abillity to use their neural-like brains like humans! I think it will be the first step forward into the something like the real brain becuase two things that I personally think AIs are missing are the ability to store personal data(like relationships, events or perspectives) and the ability to detect right data. It is more like the second thing happens therefore the first thing happenes. If the second problem is solved and I guess the first problem will be solved automatically. What I mean by the ability to detect the right data is that we as human beings have five different senses; Sights, Hearing, Smell, Taste, and Touch but we have only done Sights, and Hearing. It cannot smell, taste, or even touch. This limitation basically limites the AIs from being fully intelligence becuase the absolute data that it perceives is limited and it learns by only reading. It is like learning to speak in different languages without speaking or writing. But anyway, we have gone too far; let's go back to the topic. So, my whole point is to share these diaries with AIs so that I can search for the thougthst I need and I remember I did and even connect between those thoughts in the way that I never thought of since AIs would have the ability to do it.

## How am I going to write diaries?

As you have felt along the way, reading the text above, I write things like a shit. I know, I know... it is pretty ugly and rough. The biggest reason being is because it is NOT for you to read; it is for ME to read. How I am writing is how I am thinking and converting from how I am thinking to how you can perceive better would be useless and time-consuming since these diaries are not for that speicfic reason. So, the first ... knid of rule is to write down exactly what I am thinking. All sorts of summarizing and organizing stuff will be done by AIs. If somebody wants to know about what I am thinking of and feels like that is too much and struggles to read, then they can just ask to the AIs for that. I mean... I am in the process of designing the designs of the website and the architectures that tediousmaker.xyz(my website with blogs) will have.
