# 00.00.0000

As mentioned at [00000001.md](./00000001.md), I have mentioned that the reasons why I started writing all diaries and stuff. And one of the reasons was because there are too much of thoughts going on I need extra space where I can store, right? The problem with this is that since the format of this whole diary is based on the date when I write, I cannot write down the thoughts that I had before today, which is 18.12.2024. So, this is the space for me to store all data for that.

## Projects

This is all ideas of projects I will do in five years. And, in this specific text, there will be no explanation since I will fill this one out in different section, not here.

## Rockets / Spaceport

As Elon Musk has been building a lot of innovative rockets, I thought building rockets is an enormous thought not just because he tried to develop rockets as a private company but because he thought of re-using rocket bodies, which is another thing. It is not like a rich guy that has no job to do is doing some fun interesting proejcts because they got enough money. He is doing it for saving the humanity as he said.

However, if you see some of the videos in the SpaceX YouTube Channel, you will be able to see how the StarShip projects would look like in the future when it is fully developed. The thing that I do not understand is that the second stage should be moved way above the Super Heavy to be placed in. What about digging a hole on the ground and put the Super Heavy inside of the hole so that what we only need to do is to put the StartShip above it without lifting it up. This idea comes with a bit of advantages and the first advantage is that it can reduce the time taken setting up the whole fully assembled rocket. Second is now you can customize it.

You see, the first one is pretty obvious. Not only the time is reduced the energy will be reduced too and it will be extremely helpful in terms of making space exploration more like an airplane. If it takes like fucking hours for one single airplane to be ready for a flight, then it is not a real transportation system. I mean, current airplanes are like that. To make StarShip more like better-version airplanes or even cars, reducing the time and energy to be ready would be helpful and I know he is one of the best person to do it tho.

What I mean by being able to cutomize is NOT that the second stgage can be cutomized but the system that moves the second stage to the first stage. It can be the picker or chopstick that physically bring the second stage over to the first stgae without lifting it up; it will have a route on the ground and huge arms will be based on the route and bring the second stage. But, you can also replace the chopstics with the pipes to fill up the liquid propellent for the rockets. I mean, since I have not really done any maths or cost calculation stuff, it might not be a better choice for that. The Mechazilla is already capable of that but thinking that we do not want to increase the energy or time for taking the second stage way up there, this would be a better idea in that context only. Other disadvantage would be that the super heavy should be fixed in the way that the propellent can be filled out vertically, not horizontally. So,,, it is not good. Why complicate the problem while trying to solve it? Maybe right?

Another last advantage would be the ability to build as many as we want and need. Since the system that moves the second stage is basically moving from the ground, reducing the height it needs to be lifted up to, as long as it does hae the rail, it can go as far as possibe. It is really important for the system to be able to move freely because it can reduce the time taken to make a contact with the second stage, move it, and place it since... literally it will have better angle of moving, swisting or that kind of stuff. Anyway, so if we need more of more rockets, we do not have to build another Mechazilla but we can just dig a hole, and install a rail, that is it. Of course, considering that the rockets' thrust on the hole, the whole process of making the first stage placed into the hole... there should be a lot of technical challenges that say it is impossible. But still nothing bad to be just thinking about it, right?

## How the world should be operated

This might be a bit controversial. I am just a high school student, and will not because I will quit from the high school soon, but anyway, my whole point is this is just the theory, and not like communisism or that kind of stuff.

Always, I am thinking that the humans are focusing on too much on useless stuff. The things that would only matter in that speicic community, society at that specific region, at that speicfic time. What I am trying to say is that we as human beings have to focus on developing in the scale of the humanity not in the scale of an individual. Do the moods that we have really matter? What do we need to do as a species called homo sapiens? Is taking somebody down, playing stupid games to earn digital data, talking somebody behind, loving others, I mean are all sorts of things really going to matter when it comes to developing the whole humanity, in terms of humanity? I mean what I personally thing what the humanity should do is to expand our space as much as we can(this is what Elon Musk has been doing), optimizing the space, and developing environments where can know about the nature as much as possible so that we can be proud of ourselves as human beings not as being Korean, Chinese, or American or that kind of stuff when we meet other species from other planets. So, my whole theory is that beause we are now focusing on too much on useless stuff, we are missing what really matters over next thousand of centuries in the future.

What we need is the Transportation System that can move between any points, Shelter System that allows the humanity to live literally wherever we want to, Information/Communication System where we can share the data, and Energy Gathering/Storing System. And all systems should be able to self-sustain and last ultimately forever.

### New Transportation

Cars suck. They need artificial roads, they should be parked at somewhere, if the road is full of cars, the cars cannot move... there are too many problems when it comes to the GOAL of cars which is to solve the transportation system. What I am trying to say is that the goals of cars are limiting themselves. You see, if you look at this problem, you will realize that the cars have traffic jam problems because they have limitations on where they can go since they can go to the places only where roads are installed at. So, we need to have the transportation system that does not require anything artificial but the nature. Another thing we can do is to allow transportation system to fly not just because it is interesting or looks cool becuase it allows them to be moving in three dimensional space. Cars, Boats and anything like that except for submarine or airplanes are only moving 2 dimention and that is a huge problem because as the trasffic increases by a lot as time passes they will run out of space to put cars working. We need more space than just two dimentional space. Another problem that most cars have is that they need to be parked when they are NOT used at all.

With those limitations i mentioned, I thought of something crazy that I do not even think is going to be possible, which is to make a transportation system that can be a part of house and use them whenver you want and it can fly over the sky and go under the sea. And, it can land on the ground but they will never move while having a contact with the ground. Let me explain why we need them.

By the way, everything here is connected to the next section Cities, so get reminded of that. First of all, the only reason why I keep thinking about this is that we need to use almost all space available in speicfic planet, right? Of course, it should be eco-friendly blabalbla. So, good people in the past built low buildings. As time passes and materials got better and better, we could build higher and higher buildings. But the problem with them is that as buildings got higher, the way that people get out of building to walk on the ground or even take a car at the parking lots that are usually located at the basement floors should be taken way longer time than lower buildings, which is extremely huge waste of time and especially energy. So, let's get rid of the needs to get to the ground but fly over from the house. So, the transportation system can be used as a part of house and when the people need to go out to somewhere specific, they can just sit on chairs that are located inside of their houses and fly from there. Since it is already way up there, it would be way easier to fly than lifting against itself from the ground to the sky. The problem with this that I have not been albe to solve is the parking problem. They can be used a part of house when they are not used and the people are living in the residence but when they are not in their residences, where should the cars go? So,,, yeah.

Okay, then how is it going to work? Well, I have absolutely no idea as to how. There of couse would be a lot of technical and engineering challenges for example with only betteries and electricity, how can we make the whole car lifted, right? I am thinking of putting four different engines on each corner and put batteries and that kind of stuff at the bottom and put the whole glass on the above so that the people inside of the car can see the side ways and above at the same time.

### Cities

The general goal of building cities is to increase the creativitiy and collaboration between random people by chances. So, what I think we need to have is to

Buildings without elevators or stairs.

Buildings on the sea: the only way to break the limitation of hights.

Buildings without walls

### Internet

Servers and DBs in the space.

Barrier to entry

New version of HTML/CSS/JS/Chrome.

### Energy from the Sun

Dyson Sphere

Railgun-based(Knetic Energy based) launch system

And, all of these thoughts led me to be thinking of the concept of `Optimizing the Space`.

## Robots
