# 12.21.2024

## Framework

Nowadays, I am thinking that maybe it would have been stupid to think of building a framework for myself and UI framework for myself and just keeping using exactly same stack for every single software services. Of course, it will give me way higher prodcutivity and way shorter time taken building the same thing, but it limits me from learning new stuff. So, what I decided to do is to learn new stack for servers and clients every single time I start building a new service. And, at the end of 2030, I will get all experiences of writing code in many different langauges, frameworks, and libraries and build a full-stack framework. I know it is going to be very hard and frustrating but then if I think of the future, doing it in this way would be way better than just sticking into one single technology.

## Next Journey?

If I split my life into smaller segements, those would be...

1. From I was born to I started being interested in coomputer programming - 15yrs
2. From I started being interested in computer programming to I started studying abroad - 1yr
3. From I started studying abroad to I quitted from highschool - 2.5yrs
4. From I quitted from highschool to I launched different websites and operate multiple businesses - 5yrs
5. From I moved to the US after selling all of those businesses and started a company called `Void`to I die - 80yrs

Right now, I am on between third and fourth steps. I hope that I will make enough money and read enough books to start big companies by 2030 and I have no idea whether or not it is going to happen actually in the way I planned. I mean, I plan to be working 15 hours a day seven days a week but it does not really mean it is a hundred percentage sure it will happen... So, let's just see.

## School

Even though it is like 8 hours before I arrive at South Korea and meet my mom, I have absolutely no idea how to convey that it will be okay even if I do not graduate from highschool. Of course, I have said things that you would have expected me to have done but the problem is because the tust between my mom and me has been broken, my mom just does not understand or believe even a bit. She always tries to get as much control as possible over me and ... you got the idea. If I agree with what she is trying to do, then it would be perfectly fine, but from what I am thinking my mom focuses too much on useless things she is missing more important things. For example,

The ability to showcase what they want and lead the conversation into the status where both can get what they want.
The ability to see things objectively at the fundemental level.
The ability to abstract things down
The ability to convey things correctly to other people.
